Services:

Portal
Domain Name Registrations - Starting at $25.00
MVP Website - $3500.00
MVP Web Application & Admin login - $1500.00

$500/year  - Basic (MVP sites) Hosting & Maintainance Service Subscription
$1000/year - Basic Plus Service Subscription
$1500/year - Ongoing SEO Service Subscription
$2000/year - Advanced Webmaster Service Subscription

What websites need a Basic Hosting & Maintainance Subscription? 
This is the subscription you would choose for your shiny new MVP website, before any web services are integrated or web applications are added.  If you are doing external marketing and advertising for your website, or just using your website to supplement business cards, this is the plan for you.
For the security of our servers, we do not host any websites that we do not service ourselves.
If you want to have your websites hosted with us, a subscription service is not optional.

What websites need a “Basic Plus” Subscription? 
Plus subscriptions are ONLY for the websites that have a database, and/or custom email addresses, as there is additional time each week maintaining them.  This is necessary after an add-on service, such as the ability to have people log in, or to maintain a client list, or have an advanced form to gather data from users (ie: leads), beyond the form just sending an email to you, and blogs.

What websites need an “Ongoing SEO" Service Subscription? 
Your MVP website already has basic SEO, such as submission to search engine crawlers, and the correct meta tags, etc.  We do that for every site we code. The search engines algorithms prefer you begin by organically growing your traffic over time, by having your customers type in the domain name, by having them engaged on the website, by updating content regularly, by maintaining the website and being established for a minimum of three months.
Once you are established as a legitimate and currently maintained website, you will be in a good position to begin to compete with local businesses for traffic.  That is the time to invest in ongoing SEO.  I’m happy to show you what to do to get the most return on your investment.  

What websites need an Advanced Webmaster Service Subscription? 
Advanced Webmaster Service Subscription is for websites that require a substantial amount of time, on an ongoing basis, such as highly customized web application development with ongoing upgrades or changing requirements, self-hosted e-commerce shop applications, content creation, ongoing advanced SEO, etc. 
